I found the team formation process in class to be quite awkward. We started off talking about our interests in the topics, but beyond that we could not identify good projects because we were unaware of the scope of the projects. I think my team and I settled on an Arduino Synthesizer because we love Arduinos and because it was suggested. 

Once I did form a team, we began to create our first backlog. Our system architecture was vague, so the first things we placed on our trello boards were the readings. We also placed research cards on the trello board, so that we would have a better sense of what we needed to accomplish. Currently, we are researching how to make the Arduino blink exercise that is normally provided to us by the Arduino-C software. I think this is going to be a great starting point. We did research to find a starting point, and this is how we decided what should go on our trello board. 

At the start of this project, we wrote down our individual learning goals. We shared these goals, and upon sharing, we collected themes. We molded these themes into team learning goals. My individual learning goals included becoming proficient in C so that I can master the language and feel less afraid of it, learn about Arduino architecture such as their registrars, practice incremental debugging without the aid of print statements, and build something cool. The group learning goals turned out to be: stay organized as a team, make sure everyone knows the content of our project and no one falls behind, make a cool project with Arduino that works pretty well, become comfortable with memory management and pointers, and learn C with programming our cool project. 

When we asked who wanted to be the scrum master, none of us had any particularly strong interest. Nathan volunteered. I’m not sure why he volunteered. He stated that he would try it, but he did not want it to be a large amount of extra work. I said I could help introduce him to scrum since I have some experience with SCOPE. We are just starting to get introduced to our workload and what needs to be done. We are individually doing research to become acquainted with code and process of how this could be done. When we have a better idea of everything, we mentioned pairing on work. After the completion of every milestone per pair, we made it clear we wanted to teach the rest of our team mates about the pair’s progress. 

We are apprehensive about a handful of things. 
How do we make a square wave without the Arduino C library. Luckily, we found this resource today: https://balau82.wordpress.com/2011/03/29/programming-arduino-uno-in-pure-c/ I think this resource will help us to start thinking about how this could be done. 
What are our next steps? What will our system architecture look like? 
Incremental debugging in C will be interesting. 
